Ingredients
6 poblano peppers
Nogada sauce:
1/2 cup goat cheese
1 cup walnuts
1 cup small diced white bread
1 1/2 cups milk
1/2 teaspoon salt
Filling:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 cup white onion, finely chopped
2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped
1 medium ripe tomato, finely chopped
1 tablespoon freshly minced cilantro leaves
1 pound ground beef
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
1 cup cooked diced potato
2 tablespoons dried black currants
2 tablespoons toasted sliced blanched almonds
Garnish:
1/2 cup pomegranate seeds
2 tablespoons coarsely chopped parsley leaves

Directions
Prepare the poblano peppers by heating a griddle or skillet over medium-high heat until a drop of water sizzles on contact. Add the poblanos, and cook, turning occasionally with tongs, until the skin is blackened and blistered on all sides, about 5 to 7 minutes depending of the size of the poblanos. Remove from the griddle as they are done and place in a plastic bag, let sit for 5 minutes, until the skins are soft enough to be easily removed. Remove the poblanos from the bag, and using your fingers and small sharp knife, peel and scrape off as much of the blackened skin as possible, (a few black specks don't matter). Leave the tops on and cut small (2 to 3-inch) lengthwise slits in the polios and carefully pull out the seeds without tearing the flesh.

Nogada (walnut sauce):

Add all the sauce ingredients to a blender and process until thoroughly pureed. Set aside art room temperature or keep in refrigerator until ready to serve.

Filling:

In a medium-size skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil over medium-heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring often. Add the tomato, cilantro and cook for another minute. Add the meat and cook stirring, until the meat is cooked through, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper, to taste. Add the potatoes, cook for 2 minutes, then stir in the black currants and the almonds. Remove from the heat. Carefully stuff the mixture into the chiles through the slit, taking care not to rip the chiles. Transfer the stuffed poblanos to a serving platter. Cover with the walnut sauce and garnish with pomegranate seeds and parsley.

This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.